[Music]
very good my dear Hamas from the
heart I hope you are enjoying
Saturday incredible
Vanessa Martin's testimony last night one thing does not take away from
the other we have to give her all the support
because they cannot allow that
having a sentence on top of them they put
into doubt testimonies like Vanessa's
completely heartbreaking and
completely based on evidence because I
say this because yesterday I was watching last night
all the cars cysts okay all the
cars cysts fuks and he is very
indignant with Kiko Hernandez I was not
very indignant because Kiko Hernandez did not
stop questioning and well to say
that he was talking to Pepe Navarro and
Pepe Navarro said that everything he
said was a lie and that I don't know what I do
n't know how much because Kiko Hernandez
gets along with Pepe Navarro no then I
laugh at you Caraquista I laugh at
you thank you for proving me right
once again I laugh at you
if at some point you thought that
Kiko Hernandez fuchsia
and if at some point you thought that the
factory of the  TV cared
more about gender violence I laugh at
you guys look at this tricks I'm putting
this on screen you're already deleted
from the Sálvame twitter account okay
but this tweet site last night at
11:13 at night while
the
interview with Vanessa Martin was being broadcast live where they
told how Pepe Navarro beat her up
they posted this tweet you're reading it
I'll read it in case it's not visible
what do you think of Vanessa Martin's testimony little
heart I mean like I totally believe it
retweet she's joining the bandwagon of
Pepe's exes hashtag Vanessa Deluxe
repulsive
Red Bull yes you
that you have on set live
a woman who you brought in to
raise the audience because you're in
[ __ ] because I didn't see her she's good for something else
you're Vanessa you don't give a
[ __ ] [ __ ] for two months we've
been giving Vanessa a voice on
YouTube
you guys Vanessa cared  a [ __ ]
[ __ ] when you did the interview
with pepe navarro
where are javier's apologies to
paloma garcia pelayo
for how he beat her up and fired her because he
fired her from her job for bringing that
sentence to light and today you sit
vanessa on the plate you have no shame you
have no shame in what you have
the chachi paloma garcia pelayo not the one with
the reds and [ __ ] made to paloma
garcia pelayo saying that he did not
feel like working with her again and
that while he was there paloma would
not step on the plate
and now you bring vanessa because they have
beaten you from all sides for
how little shame you have and that I am not a
feminist
nor do you look out for women or anything this
is repulsive
this tweet is repulsive that you
have deleted it out of shame that you
see it deleted for the shame that it has
given you and on top of that with little hearts and
with retweets look as if it were as if they
were asking what color
Jorge Javier dyes his hair,
this is this is incredible, thank goodness
you have two newscasts left because if
last night you went up two points last night
you had a 13% audience but you all
know who works there
just like me you know that you have
two newscasts left that the days
are numbered and that the decisions have been
made
but those should fall face and a
hug carrasquilla I half really
laugh at the caraquistas who
believe that Kiko Hernandez wore
a pink robe on Twitter no and what was
believed is that Kiko Hernandez only
became a feminist last year because they
had reached an agreement with Rocío
Carrasco
to drop the lawsuits okay and you
have it in the labor sentence
that Antonio David won
ridiculous what you have done
ridiculous here you have this tweet okay
so that it is clear to you save me from it a
hug family
[Music]